Alternative routes display (#3850)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Added `Router.finishRouting()` method to finish routing session without dismissing related UI and logic components. ([#3880](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3880))
* Added reporting `AlternativeRoutes` during navigation sessions. Subscribe to `RouterDelegate.router(_:didUpdateAlternatives:removedAlternatives:)` or `routeControllerDidUpdateAlternatives` notification to receive updates on actual alternative routes list. Switching to the alternative route could be monitored by observing `RouterDelegate.router(_:willTakeAlternativeRoute:at:)` and `RouterDelegate.router(_:didTakeAlternativeRouteAt:)` methods or `routeControllerWillTakeAlternativeRoute` and `routeControllerDidTakeAlternativeRoute` notifications. To configure alternative routes detection, setup `NavigationSettings.alternativeRouteDetectionOptions` before starting navigation. ([#3833](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3833))

> * Added `NavigationMapView` ability to switch main route with a continous alternative one by tapping on it during navigation session. ([#3850](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3850))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* During turn-by-turn navigation, the map view displays any alternative routes that are currently available. Tapping an alternative route switches to it, just like in a standalone `NavigationMapView`. ([#3850](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3850))
```
